airbyte-ci: Switch to prod pypi (#34606)
airbytehq/airbyte: airbyte-ci/connectors/pipelines/README.md

    validate[Validate the metadata file]
    check[Check if the connector image already exists]
    build[Build the connector image for all platform variants]
    publish_to_python_registry[Push the connector image to the python registry if enabled]
    upload_spec[Upload connector spec to the spec cache bucket]
    push[Push the connector image from DockerHub, with platform variants]
    pull[Pull the connector image from DockerHub to check SPEC can be run and the image layers are healthy]
    upload_metadata[Upload its metadata file to the metadata service bucket]

    validate-->check-->build-->upload_spec-->publish_to_python_registry-->push-->pull-->upload_metadata
```

#### Python registry publishing

If `remoteRegistries.pypi.enabled` in the connector metadata is set to `true`, the connector will be published to the python registry.

> To do so, the `PYTHON_REGISTRY_TOKEN` and `PYTHON_REGISTRY_URL` env vars are used to authenticate with the registry and publish the connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, the `--python-registry-token` and `--python-registry-url` options are used to authenticate with the registry and publish the connector.
```

Author: These are only available on the poetry publish command, which is not used for connectors. For connectors you actually have to use the env variables.

Reviewer: Oh I did not notice this. I'd prefer to have the same option on the connector side 😄

Author: Added these options (renamed the registry option to python registry for consistency)

#### Options

| Option                    | Required | Default                         | Mapped environment variable | Description                                                                                              |
| ------------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------- | --------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--publish-name`          | False    |                                 |                             | The name of the package. Not required for poetry packages that define it in the `pyproject.toml` file    |
| `--publish-version`       | False    |                                 |                             | The version of the package. Not required for poetry packages that define it in the `pyproject.toml` file |
| `--python-registry-token` | True     |                                 | PYTHON_REGISTRY_TOKEN       | The API token to authenticate with the registry. For pypi, the `pypi-` prefix needs to be specified      |

> | `--registry-url`          | False    | https://upload.pypi.org/legacy/ | PYTHON_REGISTRY_URL         | The python registry to publish to. Defaults to main pypi                                                 |

Reviewer: I'm wondering where the default URL should live in. I'd say it should be at the airbyte-ci CLI level, which would mean the `PYTHON_REGISTRY_URL` env var  does not need to be set an `main-release`

Author: Definitely on the airbyte-ci level, but IMHO it makes sense here as well for local usage.
